It is my pleasure to introduce to this marriage gathering,
Brother and Sister Kalu.
I finally told the elders everything.
We're always arguing.
There's no peace in my house.
No one's happy.
We just feel that is best at this point
if we just go our separate ways.
They patiently listen.
Then they reason that Jehovah can help us
even if we feel like we're in a loveless marriage.
One of the brothers shared Isaiah 48-17,
I, Jehovah, am your God,
the one teaching you to benefit yourself,
the one guiding you in the way you should walk.
After reading the scripture,
they explained that obeying God's laws
it really isn't that difficult.
They lovingly offer some Bible principles
to help me as the head of my family.
It is God's name, as you care.
Jehovah.
Very good.
Marriage can be challenging,
especially with two imperfect people involved.
But if we obey,
we stick with our mate and we don't give up.
In the end, we benefit ourselves
and things will get better.